MBA英语核心词汇
A. 
abide  遵循（…by）；容忍  The one thing she cannot abide is lying.
abnormal  反常的  abnormal behavior
abolish  彻底废除（法律、制度、习俗等）abolish old custom
abrupt  突然的，意外的  an abrupt departure
absolute  纯粹的，完全的  have absolute trust in sb.
absorb  吸收，吸进  A sponge absorbs water.
abstract  抽象的  A flower is beautiful, but beauty itself is abstract.
absurd  荒谬的，荒唐的  The idea that number 14 brings bad luck is absurd.
abuse  滥用  abuse one's authority(office)  
aaccelerate  加速，增速  accelerate one’s steps
access  接近（或进入）的机会  have regular and immediate access to the President
accommodate  使适应，使符合一致  accommodate oneself to changed circumstances
accompany  陪伴，伴随  She was accompanied to a dinner by her friend.
accomplish  达到（目的），完成（任务），实现（计划，诺言等）  accomplish one's purpose
accord  使符合，相一致(with)  His violent action do not accord with his peaceful words.
account   记述，叙述  give a brief account of what has happened 
accumulate  积累，积攒，积聚  accumulate wisdom
accurate  准确的，精确的  an accurate estimate
accuse  指控，指责  They accused her publicly of stealing their books.
accustom  使习惯于  accustom oneself to rising (to rise) early
acquaint  使认识，使了解 
activate  使活动起来，使开始起作用，启动  They have planted secret agents in many countries who could be activated whenever needed. 
acute  尖锐的，敏锐的  an acute thinker  
adapt  （使）适应  adapt oneself to new conditions
address  演说  a television address  
adhere  黏附，附着  Paste is used to make one surface adhere to another.
adjacent  临近的，毗邻的(to)  a city and its adjacent suburbs 
adjoin  贴近，与...毗邻  His house adjoins the lake.
administrate  掌管，料理...的事务  In many Japanese homes, the funds are administrated by the wife.
adolescent  （尤指16岁以下的）青少年  a film aimed at adolescents
advance  使向前移动  advance a chessman
advantage  有利条件，优点  Sitting Presidents hold built-in advantages when seeking another term.
adverse  不友好的，敌对的  She felt adverse to her husband's friends.
advocate  拥护，提倡，主张  advocate self-defence
aesthetic  美学的，艺术的，审美  an aesthetic theory
affliliate  使隶属（或附属）于，使成为会员  a government affiliated company
affirm  断言，申明  affirm the truth of a statement
aggravate  加重，加剧，恶化  aggravate the declining economy
aggressive  侵犯的，侵略的  an aggressive weapon
agitate  搅动（液体等）  The machine agitated the mixture.
alarm  惊恐，忧虑  The bandits scattered in alarm.
alert  警惕的，留神的  In our reading we should always be alert for new usages.
alien  外国的  adjust to an alien culture
allege  断言，宣称  The newspaper alleges the mayor's guilt.
allocate  分配，分派，把...拨给  allocate funds for new projects
allied  结盟的，有关联的  allied nations
allow  允给，准许，允许  He missed her more than he would allow himself to admit.
allowance  津贴，补贴，零用钱  a housing allowance
alter  改变，更改  alter an attitude  
alternate  交替，轮流  Night and day alternate.
amateur  （艺术，科学等的）业余爱好者  an amateur golfer
amaze  使惊愕，使惊异  I am amazed that he should get the post.
ambiguous  含糊不清的，模棱两可的  an ambiguous answer
ambition  （对名利等的）强烈欲望，野心  His political ambitions still burn.
amend  修改，修订  amend the spelling in sb.'s paper
amuse  逗乐，逗笑，给...提供娱乐（或消遣）  The clown at the circus amused the children.
anchor  锚  The anchor catches (drags).
announce  宣布，声称  It is officially announced that he will not run for reelection.
annoy  使恼怒，使生气  She was annoyed at (with) his lightheard attitude.
annual  每年的，年度的  the annual output of steel
anonymous  匿名的，无名的  an anonymous letter (phone call)
answer  回答，响应  Henry took ages to answer the door.
anticipate  预期，预料  The directors anticipated a fall in demand (that demand would fall).
anxious  焦虑的，发愁的(about, at)  They become anxious at her delay.
apart  成零碎  Such cheap clothes come apart after a few washings.
apparent  显然的，明明白白的  It was apparent that they all understood.
appeal  呼吁，恳求  I appealed to the children to make less noise.
applaud  鼓掌，喝彩，叫好  The audience applauds the performers for three minutes.
apply  涂，敷  He applied two coats of paint to the table.
appoint  任命，委派  They appointed his father (to be 或as) postmaster.
appraise  估量，估计  appraise the infant's weight
appreciate  感激  I appreciated your help much.
apprehend  对...担心  Do you apprehend that there will be any difficulty?
approach  靠近，接近  John is approaching manhood.
appropriate  恰当的，相称的  Plain, simple clothes are appropriate for school wear.
approve  赞成，同意  I couldn't approve his conduct.
approximate  大概的，大约的，近似的  The approximate time is 10 o'clock.
apt  （习性）易于......的，有......倾向的  A careless person is apt to make mistakes.
arbitrary  随心所欲的，个人武断的，任意的  an arbitrary choice 
arise  起立，起身  arise from one's seat
arouse  使......奋发  A man like Tom will be aroused.  Don’t worry.
array  排列，队形  The troops were formed in battle array.
articulate  发音清晰的，善于表达的  He is articulate about everything in the field of economics.
artificial  人工的，人造的，人为的  artificial price controls
ascend  登高，（渐渐）上升，升高  The airplane ascended into the cloud.
ascertain 查明，弄清，确定  I ascertained that he was dead.
ashamed  惭愧的，羞耻的  I am ashamed for being so stupid.
ashore  向岸，向陆地  He swam ashore.
aside  在旁边  We stood aside to let her pass.
assault  攻击，袭击  We made an assault on the enemy fort.
assemble  集合，召集  assemble the members of Parliament for a special meeting.
assert  肯定地说（出），坚定地断言  He asserted his innocence.
assess  估价，评价，评论  assess the present state of the economy
assign  分配，布置（作业）  The teacher assigned (us) a new lesson.
assimilate  吸收，消化  He is quick to assimilate new ideas.
associate  （使）联系，（使）结合  We naturally associated the name of Darwin with the doctrine of evolution.
assume  假定，假设  Farmers will have a bumper harvest, assuming (that) the weather si favarable.
assure 深信不疑地对......说，向......保证
assurance  保证，把握，信心  He gave me his assurance that he would help.
astonish  使惊讶  I was astonished at his sudden appearance.
attach  系，贴，连接  attach a label to a suitcase
attain  达到，获得  attain one’s goal
attend  出席，参加（会议等）  attend a wedding
attendance  出席，参加，出席人数，出席率 Our class has perfect attendance today.
attentive  注意的，专心的  an attentive audience
attribute  把归因于，把......（过错的责任等）归于(to)  He attributed his success to hard work.
auxiliary  辅助的  an auxiliary rocket
avail  有利于，有助于  Will force alone avail us?
average  平均数，平均  The paper receives an average of nearly 100 articles a day.
avert  挡开，防止，避免  Many traffic accidents can be averted by courtesy.
awake  醒，觉醒  awake from sleep
award  授予（奖品等）  The university awarded him an honorary degree.
B. 
ban  （以官方明令）禁止，取缔  He was banned from entering the city.
bang  （突发的）  sudden loud bang
bar  条，块，杆，棒  a bar of gold
bare  赤裸的，光秃的，空无内容的  walk in bare feet
beforehand  预先，事先  If you wanted soup for lunch you should have told me beforehand.
behave  举止端正，听话　Do behave.
bewilder  使迷惑，使糊涂  I’m bewildered as to which one to buy.
bias  偏见，偏心  have a bias against sb.(或sth.)
blame  责备，责怪  Public opinion blames Mrs Smith for leading the girl astray.
blast  一阵（风），一股（气流）  a blast of wind
blaze  火焰  The fire sprang into a blaze.
blunt  钝的  The sun was blazing down and the heat was oppressive.
blush  （因害羞、激动、窘困）脸红  blush with(或for) joy
boast   自吹自擂，自夸的话  He is full of boasts.
bolt  螺栓，（门，窗的）插销  a small bag of nuts and bolts
boom  低沉有回响的声音  The great bell tolled with a deep boom.
border  边界，边境，边沿  a district on the Kampuchean side of the border with Thailand
bore  钻孔，挖（通道）  bore through a wall
bounce  弹起，反弹  The ball doesn’t bounce well.
bound  跳跃，弹回  She bounded to her feet and waved her right hand triumphantly.
boycott  （联合起来）抑制，拒绝参加  boycott uncooperative manufactures
brace  托架，支架  He braced his muscles and lifted the weight.
B
reed  （使）繁殖  Rabbits breed families rapidly.
B
ribe  贿赂  accept(或take)a bribe from sb.
brief  短暂的，简短的，简洁的  a brief holiday
brisk  轻快的，生气勃勃的  a brisk pace
brittle  易碎的，一碰就破的  brittle glass
brush  刷子，毛刷  a laundry brush
bump  碰，撞(against, into)  The truck bumped against the wall in the dark.
burst  爆炸，爆裂  The boiler burst.
C. 
calculate  计算，推算  calculate the distance between New York and Chicago
call  喊，叫  Please call the names of all the people who are present.
cancel  取消，废除，删去  cancel a trip
capture  俘虏，捕获  capture butterflies
case  事例，事实，事情  This is a case of poor judgment.
cast  投，扔，抛，撒，掷  cast doubt(s) on the feasibility of a scheme
casual  偶然的，无计划的，随便的，非正式的  a casual meeting
cease  停止，终止，结束  The music ceased suddenly.
certify  证明，证实  The accounts were certified (as) correct.
challenge  向...挑战  Our school challenged the local champion team to a football match.
character  （事物的）性质，特质  The furniture in Tom’s apartment was pretentious and without character.
charge  要（价），收（费）  The airlines charge half price for students.
charm  魅力，魔力  This thriving resort town has retained its village charm.
chase  追逐，追求  The police chased the escaping thief and caught him at last.
check  使突然停止，制止  check one’s steps
cherish  珍爱，珍视  cherish one’s native land
chew  嚼，咀嚼  He chewed a mouthful of meat.
choke  窒息，噎住  be choked by smoke
chorus  合唱队
chronic  （疾病）慢性的，（人）久病的  chronic indigestion
clarity  澄清，阐明  clarify an issue
cling  粘着  The frightened child clung to her mother.
clumsy  笨拙的  a clumsy boy
cluster  （果实，花等的）串，束，簇; (人或物)的群，组  a cluster of tourists
clutch  紧抓，紧握  clutch at an opportunity
coherent  一致的，协调的  lack coherent political goals
coin  硬币，钱币，金属货币  a silver coin
coincide  相符，相一致  100 Centigrade coincides with 212 Fahrenheit.
collaborate  （尤指在文艺、科学等方面）合作，协作  He and I collaborated in writing plays.
collapse  倒坍，崩溃，瓦解  The roof collapsed under the weight of the snow.
collide  碰撞，互撞  The car collided with the truck.
come  来，来到  Will you come to the dance tonight?
commemorate  纪念，庆祝  commemorate a holiday
commend  表扬，称赞  commend a soldier for bravery
compact  紧密的，坚实的  a compact piece of luggage
compare  比较，对照(with, to)   compare the body to a finely tuned machine
compatible  能和睦相处的，合的来的  You should choose a roommate more compatible to your tastes.
compile  汇编，编制  compile an anthology of poems
comply  遵从，顺从，服从  comply with rules(safety regulations)
compose  组成，构成  England, Scotland, and Wales compose the island of Great Britain.
compress  压缩  He compresses a lifetime as a soldier into a few sentences
comprise  包含，包括  The shipyard comprises three docks.
compromise  妥协，折衷  compromise over the hard-fought next.
compulsory  必须做的，义务的  a compulsory subject
conceal  隐藏，隐瞒，隐蔽  He concealed his disappointment from his friends.
conceive  构想出，设想  conceive an idea
concentrate  集中，专心  concentrate one’s attention
condemn  谴责  We all condemn cruelty to children.
condense  （使）压缩，（使）凝结，使简洁  condense a speech to half
confer  商谈，商议  confer with sb. Over (on, about, concerning) sth.
confess  坦白，供认，承认，忏悔  confess one’s crime
confidence  信任  break sb.’s confidence
confine  限制，使局限  They succeeded in confining the fire to a small area.
confirm  证实，肯定  confirm a rumour
conflict  （尤指长期的）战争，战斗  The conflict between Greece and Troy lasted ten years.
conform  遵照，适应  confirm to(或with) the rules(the law)
confront  （使）面临，（使）遭遇  The war confronted him with hardships.
confuse  使混乱，混淆  He confused the arrangements by arriving late.
connect  连接，连接  The bridge connects the island with(或to) the mainland.
conscious  意识到的，自觉地  They were conscious that he disapproved.
consent  同意，赞同，准许  The people will never consent to another war.
conserve  保护，保藏，保存  conserve natural resources
consider  考虑，细想  Consider carefully before doing anything.
consist  组成，构成(of)  The house consists of six rooms.
consolidate  巩固，加强  consolidate one’s position
conspicuous  显眼的，明显的，引人瞩目的  He felt as conspicuous as if he had stood on a stage.
constant  经常的，不断的  a constant noise
constitute  组成，构成  constitute a threat to sb.
consult  请教，与......商量  consult a doctor about one’s illness
consume 消费,花费: consume much of one’s time in reading
contact  接触,联系,交往: be in contact with sb
contain 包括,容纳, a list containing twelve items
contaminate弄脏,污染,玷污,毒害: Fumes contaminate the air 
contempt轻视,轻蔑:show a contempt for sb
contest竞赛,比赛,竞争:the contest between the two powers for the control of the region
contract合同,契约:enter into(make)a contact with 
contradict反驳,同….相矛盾,同….相抵触:The facts contradict his theory
contrary相反的,对抗的:take the contrary view
contrast对照,对比,(对比之下显出的)差异:the contrast between the two forms of government
contribute捐(款等),捐献:He contributed 5dollars to the charity every payday
contrive设计,想出:contrive a new method
controversy(尤之以文字形式进行的争论),辨证:a point of controversy
convention(正式)会议,(定期)大会:draft a new constitution at a convention
convert转变,转化:convert coal to (into) pipeline gas
convey运送,输送,传送:a wire conveys an electric current 
convict(经审讯)证明…有罪,宣判…有罪:He was convicted of smuggling
coordinate调节,协调:coordinate the functions of government agencies
cordial热情友好的,热诚的,真心的:a cordial hello(smile, invitation)
correspond相符合相称(to,with):Fulfillment seldom corresponds to anticipation
correspondent通信者,通讯员,记者:a good(bad)correspondent
corresponding符合的,一致的:corresponding fingerprints
corrode(渐渐)损害,(一点一点地)损伤:Bribery corrodes the confidence that must exist between buyer and seller
corrupt堕落的,腐败的,贪赃舞弊的:lead a corrupt life
count数,计算: count the money
course课程,科目:an English course
courtesy 谦恭有礼。有礼的举止（或）言辞：come in without courtesy
credit信任，可信性：I have full credit in your ability to do the job。
crucial 决定性的，关键性的：a crucial decision
cue 提示，暗号，信号：throw cues to sb
cultivate耕作，栽培，养殖：cultivate vegetables
cure 治愈，医治：this medicine cured him of his pains。
cut 切，割，剪，砍，削; The Mayor cut the ribbon to open a trade exhibition.
D
dawn 黎明，拂晓 work from dawn to dark
dazzle （强光等）使目眩，耀眼：He was dazzled by his sudden success.
deceive 欺骗，蒙蔽：deceive oneself
decent 体面的，像样的:She didn’t have a decent dress for the ball.
decline 拒绝，谢绝：We sent him an invitation but he declined.
decompose 分解，腐烂，腐败：decompose a compound into its elements.
dedicate 奉献，把。。。用在（to）: The doctor dedicated himself to finding a cure.
deduce 演绎，推论：From her conversation, I deduced that she had a large family.
define 解释，给。。。下定义: People define him as a genius.
deform(使)变形：Heat deforms plastic.
defy 公然违抗，反抗：He was going ahead defying all difficulties.
degenerate 衰退，堕落，变坏（into）: Her eyesight degenerated with the years.
deliberate 慎重的，深思熟虑的：The government is taking deliberate action to lower prices.
delight 高兴，快乐：To the teacher’s great delight , all his students passed the examination.
deliver 投递，传送，运输：deliver the mail 
demonstrate 论证，证明 ：demonstrate a philosophical principle
denote 表示，是。。。的标志，意思是：A frown often denotes displeasure.
dense 稠密的，密集的:a dense forest
deposit 存放： She deposited her bag in the cloakroom.
depress 使沮丧，使消沉：That movie depressed me.
deprive  剥夺，使丧失：deprive sb. of his property
derive 取得，得到：He derived his enthusiasm for literature from his father.
descend 下来，下降：Darkness descended too soon.
deserve 应得，值得：The question deserves consideration.
designate 指明，表明：designate boundaries 
desolate 荒芜的，不毛的：desolate land 
despise 蔑视，鄙视：He despises flattery.
detach 拆卸：They detached their trailer and set up camp.
detain 留住，担搁：be detained by business.
detect （当场）发现（某人在干坏事）:detect a student cheating
deteriorate （使）恶化,(使)变坏,(使)退化: Relations between the two countries began to deteriorate.
deviate 背离，偏离：deviate from the rule 
devote 将...献给（to）:Mary devoted her life to caring for the sick.
diagnose 诊断，判断：The doctor diagnosed the illness as influenza.
dictate 口授，使听写：dictate a letter to a secretary
differentiate 使不同，使有差别，区分，区别：differentiate varieties of plants
diffuse 扩散（气体，液体等）：The colors of the sunset were diffused across the sky.
diminish 减少，降低：His illness diminished his strength.
diplomat 外交家，外交官，圆滑的人：a career diplomat
discard 丢弃，抛弃：discard an old pair of shoes
discern 看出，觉察出：We could discern from his appearance that he was upset.
disclose 揭露，透露，使公开：disclose information to sb. 
discharge 释放：The judge found him not guilty and discharged him.
discount 把（价格，费用等）打折扣，削价出售：The store discounts 3 per cent on all bills paid when due.
discriminate 区别，辨别：It’s difficult to discriminate between the twin brothers.
disgrace 丢脸，耻辱：bring disgrace on oneself
disgust 厌恶，恶心：feel disgust for bad odors 
disperse 分散，驱散，散去：Police dispersed the rioters with tear gas
displace 移动。。。的位置：Many of the inhabitants were displaced by the rising floodwaters
dispose 布置，整理:The stores disposed the jewellery in an attractive display
disregard 不理会，不顾：Disregard the noise and keep working
distinct 有区别的，不同的：Three distinct types of people 
distort 扭歪，扭曲：a face distorted by (或with)pain
distract 使转向：be distracted from one’s original purpose
distribute 分配，分发：distribute the prizes among the winners
divorce 离婚，分离，脱离：sue for a divorce 
dominate 分配，统治：a white dominated society
donate 捐赠，赠送：They donate to the Red Cross every year.
doom 命运，厄运，劫数：His doom was to be poverty.
doze 打瞌睡，打盹儿：The old lady dozed in her armchair.
drain 慢慢排去：drain water from a pool
dread 怕，畏惧:I dread to think of what may happen.
drift 漂流，漂泊：The sounds of music drifted up to us.
dubious 引起怀疑的，不确定的：a dubious reply
due 欠款的，应支付的：A great deal of money is due to you.
dump 倾倒，倾卸：He opened his bag and dumped its contents on the desk.
duplicate 完全一样的，复制的：a duplicate key 
durable 耐用的：a durable fabric
dwell （dwelt 或 dwelled ）（尤指作为常住居民）居住: dwell on an island 
E
economical节约的,节俭的,经济的: an economical stove
edge边,棱: At the edge of the lake women were doing their washing
edible可以吃的,可食用的:edible oil
elaborate精心计划(或制作)的,详尽的:an elaborate plot
elevate举起,提高,抬起:elevate the living standards of the people
eliminate排除,消除:eliminate the exploitation of man by man 
elite出类拔萃的人(或物),精华:the elite of the society
eloquent雄辩的,口才流利的,有说服力的:an eloquent spokesman
embark上船(或飞机,汽车等):embark for Europe at New York harbor
embody使具体化,表现:embody principles in actions
embrace拥抱:She embraced her son tenderly
emigrate移居外国(或外地区):emigrate from Canada to Australia 
emit发出,散发(光,热,电度,声音,液体,气味等),发射电子:The chimney emitted a cloud of smoke
enclose (从四面八方)围住,包围:enclose a porch with glass
encounter意外的遇见,遭遇:encounter an old friend in the theatre
endeavor (为达到某一目的而)努力,尝试:How much he endeavored, goal stayed unattained
energy活力,精力:a man of energy
enforce实施,使生效:The principal enforced the rules of the school
engage (用契约诺言等)约束,使订婚:He engaged himself as an apprentice to a printer
enhance 提高(价格,质量,吸引力等),增加,增强:enhance one’s reputation
enlighten 启发,使摆脱偏见(或迷信)Would you enlighten me on your plans for the future?
enroll 吸收(成员),招生:The school enrolled about 300 pupils last year
ensure 保证,担保:His industriousness and ability will ensure his success
entertain 给。。。娱乐,使有兴趣:The child is entertaining himself with his building blocks
entitle 给。。。权利,给。。。资格(to):Robert was entitled to see the documents
equivalent 相等的,相同的:The misery of such a position is equivalent to its happiness
erase 擦掉,抹掉,消除:erase the chalk marks
erect 竖直的,垂直的,竖起的:an erect tree
erupt (火山,喷泉等)喷发:The volcano is due to erupt any day
essence 本质,实质,要素:Being thoughtful of others is the essence of politeness
eternal 永恒的,永存的,永久的:eternal truths
evaluate 估价,评价:evaluate property
evaporate (使)蒸发,(使)挥发:Heats evaporate water
exaggerate 夸张,夸大,对…言过其实:keep to the facts and don’t exaggerate
exceed 超出,胜过:Her performance exceeded all the others
excess 超越,超过:an excess of supply over demand
execute 实行,实施,执行,履行:execute a plan 
exemplify 例示,举例证明,是…的例证(或榜样等):The teacher exemplified the use of the word
exert 用力,尽力:exert all one’s strength
exhaust 汲空,抽完:exhaust a well
expand 扩大,扩展,膨胀:Reading(travel)expands one’s mind
expel 驱逐,赶走:expel an invader from a country 
expend 花费,消费(on, in):They expended all their strength in (on) trying to climb out
expire 满期,届期,(期限)终止:His term of office expires this year 
explicit 详尽的,明确的:give explicit directions
exploit英勇的或冒险的行为或事迹:The daring of exploit of the parachutists were much admired
exterior 外部的,外面的,外表的:exterior decorations
external 外面的,外部的:external signs of a disease
extinct (火等)熄灭了的:an extinct cigarette(fire)
extinguish熄灭,扑灭:extinguish a cigarette(candle)
extract取出,提取:extract a confession
extravagant奢侈的,浪费的:be extravagant in one’s way of living
F
fabricate 建造,制造:The finest craftsmen fabricated this clock 
facilitate使变得(更)容易,使便利:Such a port would facilitate the passage of oil from the Middle East to Japan 
fade (颜色)褪去:The color in this material will not fade
faint不清楚的,模糊的,微弱的:a faint idea
fancy想象力:Children usually have a lively fancy
fare车费,船费,飞机票价:full (half) fare
fascinate强烈的吸引,迷住,使神魂颠倒:be fascinated with history
fashion方式,样子:She speaks in a very strange fashion
favor 恩惠,善意的行为:We would esteem it a great favor if you would reply at once
feasible 可行的:a feasible plan(idea)
feeble 虚弱的,无力的:His pulse was very feeble
feed 喂养,饲养:feed a baby at the breast
figure 数字:according to official figures
finance 财政,金融:skill in finance
finite 有限的,有限制的:a finite number of facts
flare (火焰)闪耀,(摇曳不定地)燃烧:candle flaring in the wind
flash 闪光,闪烁:a flash of lighting 
flat平坦的,扁平的:a flat land
flatter奉承,使高兴:I feel greatly flattered by your invitation
flavor味,味道,风味:drama with a European flavor
flee逃走,逃掉:The enemy troops fled in utter confusion
flexible柔韧易,弯曲的:flexible cord
fling(用力)扔,掷,抛,丢:fling sb into prison
flourish 茂盛,繁荣,兴旺:Painting flourished in Italy in the fifteenth century
fluctuate波动,起伏:You can’t march in a straight line to the victory, you fluctuate it
flush 脸红:Her cheeks flushed red
forbid 不许,禁止:Wine is absolutely forbidden to all the children
forge锻炼:forge a horse-shoe out of an iron bar
formulate规划(制度等),构想出(计划方法等)formulate a policy
fracture 裂缝,裂痕: a fracture in the pipe
frequent时常发生的,频繁的:His trips to France are less frequent now
frown 皱眉:frown at sb
frustrate 挫败,阻挠,使灰心,使无效:frustrate a plan
fulfill (fulfilled, fulfilling)履行,实现,完成: fulfill a contract
furnish供应，提供：furnish blankets for the refugees
fury狂怒，暴怒：fly into a fury
fuss大惊小怪，乱忙，小题大做：make much fuss over losing a penny
G
gallop (马等的)飞跑，疾驰：The horse did a fine gallop during the race
gamble赌博：gamble at cards
gasp 喘气，喘息：speak between gasps
gear齿轮，传动装置，(排)档：interlock cogs and gears
generalize 归纳，概括:I don’t think you can generalize about what voters will do
generate 产生，发生(电、热、光、力、摩擦力等)：generate electricity
genuine 真的，非人造的，名副其实的：genuine leather
gesture 手势，示意动作：raise one’s hands in a gesture of despair
glance 一瞥，扫视：take a glance at the newspaper headlines
glare 怒视，瞪眼：give the jury a glare
glimpse 一瞥，一看：have a glimpse of (into)sth
glitter 闪闪发亮(或发光)，光彩夺目，闪耀：His language glitters with marvelous words 
glory 光荣，荣誉：The soldiers hoped to win glory on the battle field 
glow 发热，发光，发红：the fire glowing in the darkness
gossip 流言蜚语：give rise to gossip 
govern 统治，管理：govern a nation 
grace 优美：She ran well, grace in every movement
graduate (使)大学毕业：graduate from college
grant 同意，准予：grant a request
grease 油脂，动物脂：the grease spot on the envelope
greet 问候，招呼：greet sb with a nod
grieve 使悲伤，使伤心：The little girl grieved over her kitten’s death
grind  (ground)磨，磨碎，碾碎：grind wheat into flour
grip 抓紧，紧握：Fear gripped his heart 
gross 总的，毛的：gross income 
guarantee 保证，保证书，保单：Wealth is no guarantee of happiness
H
hail 欢呼，喝彩：The crowd hailed the actress with joy
halt (行进中的)暂停前进，中止，终止：The car came to a sudden halt
hamper 妨碍，阻碍：hamper sb from getting elected
handicap 障碍，不利条件：Poor eyesight is a handicap to a student
haste 急速，急忙，仓促，草率： Why all this haste?
hatch 孵，孵出：hatch (out) chickens
hazard 危险，危害物，危险之源：a life full of hazards
heal 治愈，愈合：heal the sick
heap (一)堆：a big heap of books
hedge (矮树)树篱：a quickset hedge
highlight 使显著，使突出：Growing economic problems were highlighted by a slowdown in oil output
hinder妨碍，阻止：Bad weather hindered travel
hint 暗示：drop(give ,throw out)a hint
hoist 举起，升起，吊起：The war hoisted prices
hold 拿着，抓住：The girl is holding the baby in her arms
homogeneous 同种类的，同性质的，有相同特征的：homogeneous parts
horizon 地平(线)：The sun has sunk below the horizon
hospital 好客的，殷勤的，热情友好的：be hospital to the homeless
hostile 敌人的，敌方的：a hostile army
humble 地位(或身份)低下的，卑贱的：a humble job
hysterical 情绪异常激动的，歇斯底里的  an hysterical outburst of fury 
I
identical 同一的：the same (very)identical menu
identify 识别，鉴别：He identified the coat as his brother’s 
idle 闲散的，闲置的：idle money
ignite点燃，使燃烧：ignite a stove fire with scraps of paper
ignore 不顾，不理，忽视：He who ignores history is doomed to repeat it
illuminate 照明，照亮，解释，启发，启迪：The room was poorly illuminated by one candle
illustrate (用图或例子)说明，阐明：A complicated rule can be illustrated by a simple example
immerse 使浸没：He immersed himself in the pool 
immune免除的，豁免的：Nobody is immune from criticism
impact 冲击，撞击：the impact of light on the eye 
impair 削弱，减少：The output of produce was impaired by the bad weather 
impartial 公正的，无偏见的：A judge should be impartial
implement 工具，器具，用具：new types of farm implements 
impose 征(税)，加(负担，惩罚等)于(on, upon)：impose additional tax on business expansion
impulse 推动，驱动：give an impulse to the development of the friendly relations between the two countries
inaccessible 达不到的：The two rocks at the top of the steep hill is at first sight inaccessible 
incline倾斜：The shaft inclines almost thirty degree
incorporate 包含，吸收：His book incorporates his earlier essays
incur 招致，引起，遭受：incur sb’s displeasure(envy)
indignant 愤怒的，愤慨的：The actress was at the columnist’s personal questions
indispensable 必不可少的，必需的(to. for)： Oxygen is indispensable to life
induce 引诱，劝使：Nothing will induce me to do that
infer (根据已知事实等)推断，推定(from)：From his grades I inferred that he was a good student
ingenious (人,头脑等)灵巧的，足智多谋的：an ingenious designer 
initiate 开始，发起：initiate a conversation
innovate 革新，改革，创新(in,on/upon)：innovate on another’s creation
inquire 询问，打听：He inquired what the weather was likely to be
insert 插入，嵌入：In the pause he managed to inquire a question
inspire 鼓舞，激起：His speech inspires the crowd
instant 紧急的，急迫的，立即的，即刻的：be in instant need of help
institute 学会，协会，学院，研究院：an institute for the blind
insulate 隔音，使隔绝(以免受到影响)：We are not insulated from the real world the way we were
insult 侮辱，辱骂：She insulted him by calling him a coward
insure 保险，给。。。保险：Every father should insure his life for the sake of his wife and children
intact 完整无缺的，未经触动的，未受损伤的：an intact family
integrate使成一体，使合并(with, into)：integrate traditional Chinese medicine with western medicine
interfere 妨碍，冲突(with)：Misty weather interfered with the contact
intermittent 间歇的，断断续续的，周期性的：suffer from intermittent headaches
intervene 插入，介入：A week intervenes between Christmas and New Year’s Day 
intricate 错综复杂的，复杂精细的：A detective story usually has an intricate plot
invert 使反向，使倒转，使颠倒：The magician inverted the bag to show it was empty
irrespective 不考虑的，不顾的(of) ：irrespective of consequences 
irritate 激怒，使恼怒，使烦躁：be irritated by sb’s insolence
J
justify 证明。。。正当或有理,正确：Such behavior is justified on these grounds
K
knit 编织，编结：She’s knitting her husband a sweater
L
label 标签，标记，标号：put labels on your luggage
lag 走得慢，落后，滞留：Some of the runners began to lag
latent 潜在的，隐伏的，不易觉察的：a latent infection 
leak 漏洞，裂缝：The pipe has got a leak 
lean 斜，倾斜 the Leaning tower of Pisa
lend 借给，贷款 Could you lend me your car
length 长，长度 What is the length of the street?
liable 会……的，有……倾向的 We are all liable to make mistakes
liberal 慷慨的，大方的 a liberal donation
light 光，光亮，光线 The house blazed with light
limp 软的，松沓的 a young man in a limp gray sweater
linger逗留，徘徊 The children lingered at the zoo until closing time
long 长的，远的，久的 a long journey
lubricate 使润滑 lubricate the skin with cold cream 
lump块，小方块 a lump of coal 
M
macroscopic肉眼可见的
magnet 磁铁，磁铁石 The pin was extracted with a magnet
magnify 放大，扩大 I want to magnify this picture
maintain 维持，保持 maintain law and order
malfunction 发生功能障碍，发生障碍 If the computer malfunctions it fails to work properly
maltreat 粗暴地对待，虐待 We’ll not intervene unless the children are being physically maltreated
manifest 显然的，明了的manifest superiority
manipulate (熟练地)操作 Mr. Smith manipulated the ivory chopsticks with great dexterity
mature 熟的，成熟的 a mature fruit
meet 遇见，碰到 He met her there by chance
melt 使融化，使熔化 The sun melted the snow
mend 修理，修补 mend clothes
merit 长处，优点，价值，功绩 merits and demerits
migrate 移居(尤指移居国外)，迁移 migrate to another country
minimum 最低限度，最少量，最低点
minor 较小的，较少的，较不重要的
mislead 把……引错方向，把……引入歧途 
moan 呻吟声，呜咽声 Each time she moved her leg she let out a ～ .
mobilize 动员 Our country’s in great danger, we must ～ the army.
mock 嘲笑，嘲弄 He had ～ed her modest ambitions.
model 模型，原形 build airplane ～s
modify 修改，更改 ～a law 
momentary 片刻的，瞬息的 a ～ feeling of fear
monitor （学校的）班长 a ～ in class 5.
mortgage 抵押（借款）He will have to ～ his land for a loan.
motion 动，运动the ～ of the planets
motive 动机，目的be proper in～ 
mount登上， 爬上～ the steps
multiply 乘，相乘～ 7 and 8 
muscle 肌肉	facial ～s
mutual 相互的， 彼此的 ～ aid
N
narrate 叙述，讲述 ～ the story of sb’s life
nasty 龌龊的，肮脏的 a～ room
necessitate 使成为必须，需要 The emergency ～d a change in plans.
necessity 必要（性），（迫切）需要 There is no ～  for disappointment.
neglect 忽视，忽略 ～ one’s health
negligent 疏忽的，大意的 be ～ about traffic regulations
nominal 名义的，有名无实的 a ～ leader
nominate 提名 a ～ leader 
noteworthy值得注意的，显著的a ～ day 
notorious 臭名昭著的a ～ thief
notwithstanding 虽然，尽管 They traveled on,～ the storm
nourish养育Milk is all we need to ～our small baby  
numb 麻木的，失去感觉的 fingers ～ with cold 
O
object 物体，事物  cultural ～s
objective 目的，宗旨 political ～s
oblige 强迫，迫使 In certain countries the law ～s parents to send their children to school
obscure 晦涩的，费解的 an ～ text
obsolete 废弃的，淘汰的 Wooden warships are ～.
obstinate 顽固的，固执的，倔强的The girl would go her own way, in spite of all warnings
occasion 时刻，场合They met on three ～s
occupy 占用，占有My books ～ a lot of space
occur 发生，存在，出现 when did the earthquake ～?
odd的奇数的，单的，奇怪的One ,three five are ～numbers
offend 冒犯，使生气 	She was afraid of ～ing anyone.
offence 犯法行为，过错 They were arrested for drug ～s.
offset 补偿，抵消They gains ～the losses.
omit 省略，删去 Minor points may be omitted.
opaque 不透明的A brick wall is ～.
optimistic 乐观的，乐观主义的
option 选择权 It is your ～ to take it or leave it
orient 东方，东方国家 political theory in the West and in the Orient
origin 起源，由来 a word of Latin ～
ornament 装饰品，点缀品 We bought ～s for the Christmas tree
orthodox 正统的，正宗的 an ～ economic theory
outline轮廓，外形 He saw the ～ of a house against the sky
overflow 泛滥 Every spring the river ～s
overhaul 大修，全面检查，彻底革新～ a faulty machine
overhear 偶然听到，偷听到I wouldn’t like to be ～d
overlap 重叠，部分相同 The Renaissance overlapped the later Middle Ages
overtake 赶上，超过 He ran out of the door to ～ her
overthrow 推翻，打倒 a plot to ～ the government 
overwhelm 征服，压倒，毁坏 He took 45% of the ballots and ～ed his two main rivals


P
pace 步，步速，步伐 He took three ～s forward
pack 包，包裹 The climber carried some food in a ～ on his back
pad 垫，衬垫 a seat ～
pant 气喘，气喘吁吁地说话 He ～ed along beside the bicycle
parallel 平行的 The road is ～ to the river
paralyze 使瘫痪，使麻痹 A stroke ～d half his face
partial 偏向一方的，偏袒的，偏爱的 A parent should not be ～ to any one of his children
participate 参与，参加，In a modern democracy people want to ～ more fully
particular 特殊的，特别的 a matter of ～ importance
pat (用掌或扁平物)轻拍，轻打She patted a place next to her for me to sit down
patch 补钉，补片 patches at elbows of a jacket 
patent 专利，专利权，专利品 take out a ～ for an invention
pattern 模范，榜样 set the ～ for
pave 铺路，铺砌，铺筑 ～ a road with concrete
peculiar 奇怪的，古怪的 He has always been a little ～
peel 削皮，剥皮 peel potatoes
penetrate 穿透，渗入 The nail ～d the wood at least two inches
perceive 感知，感觉，觉察 He was only able to ～ light and color ;he could not see properly
perfect 完美的，理想的 a ～ couple
perform 做，执行，完成～ an experiment
perfume 香水，香料，香气She loves French ～(s) 
periodical 期刊，杂志 a ～ room
perish 卒，丧生～ from disease
perpetual 永久的，永恒的，长期的 a ～ arms race
perplex 使困惑，使茫然 The question ～ed him
persecute 虐待，残害，迫害 ～ animals
perspective 透视画法，透视图 a lesson in drawing class on ～
pessimistic 悲观的 I am ～ about my chances of getting the job
petition 请愿，请愿书 get up a ～
pierce 刺入，刺穿，穿透 The thorn ～d his heel
pile 一堆，一叠 a ～ of sand
pilot 飞行员，驾驶员
pin 大头针，别针
pinch 捏，拧，夹 I ～ed myself to make sure I wasn’t dreaming
plausible 论点等貌似有理的 a ～ excuse
plead 恳求，请求 His parents ～ed that he should be given one more chance
pledge 保证，誓言，誓约 fulfill one’s ～
plot 小块土地 a vegetable ～
plug 塞子，栓 He wears rubber ～s in his ears when he swims
plunge 猛地投入或插入 He ran to the edge of the swimming pool and ～d in
pocket 衣袋，口袋，袋子 a change ～
polish 擦光，擦亮 Polish your shoes with a brush
poll 民意测验 A recent ～ shows a change in public opinion
pool 水池，游泳池 a swimming ～
portable 便于携带的，手提式的，轻便的This little TV is extremely ～ 
pose 姿势，样子 The model was asked to adopt various ～s for the photographer
postpone 延迟，延缓，延期 We are postponing our trip until the weather grows warmer
potential 潜在的，可能的 That hole in the road is a ～ danger
pour 倒，注，灌，倾泻，涌流 He began to ～ with sweat
preach 讲道，布道 ～ to a packed church
preside 主持，主管(at, over) The vice chairman of the board will ～ at today’s meeting
press 按，挤，压 ～ the bell
presume 推测，假定，假设 From the way they talked, I ～d them to be married
prevail 流行，盛行 This custom still ～s among members of the older generation
prey 被捕食的动物，捕获物 The lion seized its ～ and ate it
prick 一刺，一扎 The boy burst the balloon with a ～ of the needle
prime 首要的，主要的 a matter of ～ importance
primitive 原始的，上古的，早期的 a ～ forest
prior 在先的，在前的 Stop making public statements without their ～ approval here
privilege 特权，优惠，特免 In countries where there are still not many schools, education is a ～
probe 探索，探查，调查 ～ the roots of  war
proceed （尤指停顿或打断后）继续进行 The train ～ed at the same speed as before
process 过程，进程 the ～ of digestion
proclaim 宣告，宣布，声明 ～ war 
produce 生产，制造 Canada ～s wheat and furs
profit 利润，收益，红利 They made millions in ～s in last year
profound 很深的 a ～ sleep
prohibit 禁止 Tourist class passengers are ～ed from using the first class lounge 
project 计划，方案 draw up a ～
prolong 延长，拉长，拖延 a means of ～ing life
prominent 突起的，凸出的 a ～ forehead
prompt 敏捷的，迅速的 He is ～ on the job
pronounce 发音 ～ distinctly
propose提议，建议 When she was very ill ,her lawyer has ～d to her that she might like to make a will
prosper 兴旺，繁荣，昌盛，成功 His farm ～ed through good management
provoke 挑动，激起，导致 He tried to ～ them into fighting
pump 泵 fill a bucket from the ～
pursue 追赶，追随，追求 He felt their eyes pursuing him
puzzle 难题，智力玩具，迷，迷惑 jigsaw ～
Q 
quality 质量，品级 merchandise of ～
quantity 数量，量 an increase in ～
quench 消除，平息，压制，扑灭 ～ hatred
queue一队人，一行列车 from a ～ 
quit 停止，放弃 It hasn’t ～ raining yet
quiver 颤抖，抖动 ～ with cold  
quote引用，引述，援引 She ～d several verses to us 
R
rack  架子，支架，搁架 a clothes ～ 
radiate（光，热等）辐射，发射 The sun ～s light and heat 
radical 根本的，基本的a ～ error
rake （长柄）耙，耙机，耙状物  an oyster ～ 
rally 集合，团结 ～ public opinion in favor of price controls
random胡乱的，任意的，随意的，a ～talk
range 排，行，一系列 a ～ of buildings
rank排，行，列 the ～s of great pines
rate 比率，率 Velocity is the ～ of change of distance with respect to time
reap 收割，收获 ～ the rice in the field
rear 后部，后边，背部a garden at the ～ of the house
recall 回忆，回想I ～ seeing a poster on his wall
reciprocal 相互的，交互的 ～ respect
reckon 计算，数 ～ the days till Christmas
reclaim 使改过，改造 ～ former criminals
recognize认出，识别 Dogs ～ people by their smell
recollect 回忆，想起 I am trying to ～ a forgotten address
recommend 推荐，称赞  He ～ed me for the post of headmaster
reconcile 使和解，使和好After each fight they ate soon ～d
recover 追回，重新得到The police ～ed stolen watch
recruit 招募（新兵）招收（新成员）try to ～300 men in two days
rectify纠正，改正，矫正 ～ the mistakes in a bill
refer 提到，谈到 Does the remark ～ to me
refine 提炼～ crude oil into various petroleum products
reform 改革，改良 He spend years trying to ～ the world
refresh 使恢复活力，使振作精神 Sleep ～es the body 
refute驳斥，驳倒 The argument cannot be d at the moments
regard 看待，认为，对待 I ～ the matter in this light
regenerate 使恢复，使复兴，再生The human body can ～ hair, nails, etc
regulate管理，控制，为……制订规章 The policeman ～d traffic at the intersection
reign 为王，统治In England ,the sovereign ～s but does not rule
reinforce 增援，加强 They hope to ～ their domination in these countries
rejoice 使感到高兴，使充满喜悦 The whole nation ～ over the victory
relate 讲述，叙述 She ～d the experience of a Chinese girl in the United States
relay 接力传送，传递  ～ a message
release 排放，释出 ～ a bomb from an aircraft
relevant 有关的，切题的I don’t think his remarks are ～ to our discussions
relieve 缓解，减轻，解除He smoked frequently to ～ nervous tension 
remark 评论，议论 (on, upon) It would be rude to ～ upon her appearance
remedy 治疗，治疗法，药品 a folk ～
remember 记得，回想起，不忘记 I ～ reading that boo when I was eight
remind 提醒，使想起 I ～ed him of his promise
remove 移开，挪走 ～ one’s eyes from the picture
render 使得，使成为 The blow ～ed him unconscious 
renew  更新，恢复，更换We feel totally ～ed in body ,mind ,and spirit
renovate 修复，整修 ～ a two storey building
repel 击退，抵制，拒绝，排斥 ～ the enemy
repent 后悔，懊悔 ～of a thoughtless act
replace 代替，取代，更换The calculator is rapidly replacing the abacus
represent  代表，象征To many local people these castles ～ a hundred years of foreign domination
reproach 责备，指责，斥责 mute ～
rescue 营救，救援，搭救 ～ hostages held by the terrorists
resent 怨恨 ～ those unfair comments
reserve 保留，储备 We’ll the ticket for you till tomorrow noon
resign 辞职，引退 He ～ed from his post
resolve 决定，打定注意要 Have you ～d where to go next?
resort 求助，凭借，诉诸 ～ to sb for help
restore 恢复，修复，康复 The temple has been ～d out of all recognition
restrain 抑制，遏止 ～ one’s anger
resume 重新开始，继续 When I quit golf, I ～d writing
retain 保留，保持  ～the right to reply
reveal  揭示，揭露 I promise never to ～ his secret
revenge 报仇，复仇Man may destroy the balance of nature ,but ,from time to time, nature takes a terrible ～
reverse 相反的，颠倒的，倒退的a ～ dictionary
revise 修订，校订 ～ a dictionary
revive 苏醒，复苏 He is dead and never will ～
ridiculous 可笑的，荒唐的，荒谬的 In this department of English girls outnumber boys in a ～ ratio  
rigid 刚性的，坚硬的 a ～ piece of plastic
ripe 成熟的，时机成熟的 a ～ cluster of grapes
roll 滚动，滚落 Rocks were ～ing down the hillside
rot 腐烂，腐坏，腐朽，腐败，腐化Meat may ～ if it is not refrigerated
roundabout 绕道的，绕圈子的，不直接的  The car has to take a ～ course to avoid the flood
rouse 惊起 The boat ～d wild ducks to flight 
row 吵闹，争吵 What’s all this ～ about?
rub 擦，摩擦 He rubbed his eyes
rush 冲，奔 ～ into the room
rust 锈，铁锈 Iron gathers ～easily
ruthless 无情的，残忍的，冷酷的  a～ enemy
S
sack  麻袋，纸袋，塑料袋 a ～of cement
sacred 神圣的the ～ name of God 
sacrifice 献祭，供奉 a law banning the ～ of animals
salute 敬礼，祝贺 ～ one’s superior officer
scan 细看，审视 ～ the doctor’s face for a sign of hope
scare  惊吓，恐惧 The thunder ～d the children
scatter 撒，撒播～ corn for the chickens
schedule 时间表，进度表 a fight ～
scheme 计划，方案 He suggested several ～s to increase sales
scold  责骂，训斥 Dad ～ed me for coming home late
score  得分，比分，分数，成绩 At the end of first half there’s no ～
scorn 轻蔑，鄙视 He ～s lying
scrap 碎片，零屑 ～s of bread
scrape 刮，擦 ～one’s chin
scratch 抓，刮，擦 The cat ～ed me with its claws
screen 屏，幕，帘 a folding ～
secure  安全的，可靠的，有把握的 a castle ～from attack
seek 寻找，探索 ～ shelter from the rain
seize 抓住，捉住The policeman ～d him by the collar
sense 感官，官能 Sight ,hearing ,touch, taste, and smell are the five ～s
sensible 明知的，合情理的 a ～ choice
serve 服务，履行职责 He ～d as an adviser to the company
set 放置 He set his hand on my shoulder
shade 荫，荫凉处The group of trees provide some ～ from the sun
sham假装，虚伪 Her illness was a ～ to gain sympathy
shame 羞耻，羞愧 flush with ～
shape 形状，外形  the ～ of sb’s face
share 一分，分额，一部分 They divided the money into equal ～s
shear 剪，修剪 ～ a lawn
shed 流 ～ one’s blood for one’s country
sheer 完全的，十足的  ～ nonsense
shelter 掩蔽处，躲避处  a bus ～
shield  盾，保护物，防御物 They piled more sand on top as a ～
shift  转移，移动 Don’t try to ～the blame onto me
shower  阵雨，阵雨般的东西 be caught in a hard ～
shrewd  机灵的，敏锐的，精明的 a ～ guess
signify  表示，表明，预示 ～ consent with a nod 
simulate 假装，冒充 use tricks to ～ illness
sit 坐，就坐 He was sitting over his coffee with a cigar 
sketch  素描，速写 make a ～ of a face in pencil
slack  不紧的，不严的 a ～ soft rope 
slender 苗条的，修长的，细长的She is ～ and has long dark hair
slide 滑行，滑动，滑落 The drawers of my desk ～ in and out easily
slim苗条的，薄的  Regular exercise will make you slimmer
slip  滑倒，滑落，滑行 She ～ed on the wet stones and fell
slit 切开，撕开  ～ the envelope open
slope  倾斜，有坡度 The ground ～s down sharply at this point
sly  狡猾的，偷偷的 a ～answer
smart 聪明的，精明的  Smart students talk earlier than the average
smash 打碎，打破，摧毁 The ball ～ed the window
smooth  平滑的，光滑的～ skin
snatch 夺得，一把抓住 The thief ～ed her handbag and ran off
snob 势力的人，谄上欺下的人  a ～ of the first water
soak 湿透，浸湿，浸泡 You shouldn’t have gone out in the rain－your clothes are ～ing 
sober 未醉的 A driver must stay ～
soil 泥土，土壤The ～here is very fertile
sophisticated 老于世故的 a young man quite ～ for his age
sore 痛的，痛苦的，痛心的touch sb on a ～ place
sort 种类，类别 He is not the ～ of man to do such a cruel thing 
sound 健康的，健全的，完好的 a ～body in a ～ mind
sour 酸的，酸味的 ～pickles
sow 播种 This plot of land was sown with maize 
spare 多余的，剩下的have no ～ cash 
spark 火花，火星 The firework burst into a shower of ～s
sparkle 发光，闪耀 Her eyes were sparkling with anger
specify 具体指定，详细说明 They have specified the amount as 700,000 dollars
spectacle 景象，奇观，壮观，场面 The burning house was a terrible ～
speculate 推测，推断 I cannot ～ on their motives for doing this 
spill 溢出，溅出 The ship ～ed oil while in port 
spin 纺制  ～ cotton into yarn
spit 吐出 He was ～ting out the husks of sunflower seeds on the floor
splash 溅泼A passing car ～ed my dress
split 劈开，切开，裂开 ～ the firewood with an axe
spoil 损坏，毁掉 It would ～ my reputation
sponsor  发起者，主办者，保证人，赞助者the ～ of the annual Christmas parade
spot斑点，污点  a blue tie with ～s
spray  浪花，水花 The new shower heads reduce ～ and waste less water
sprout 抽条，发芽，长出 The seeds we planted finally ～ed
spur 靴刺，踢马刺a pair of ～s
squeeze 榨，挤 ～ juice from oranges
stab 刺，戳，猛的一击，突发的一阵 a ～ of anxiety
stack整齐的一叠 a ～ of bills
staff 全体职员，全体雇员  The company has got a ～ of about 40
stain 玷污，污染 His shirt was ～ed with blood
stale 食品等不新鲜的，走味的 These old peanuts taste ～
stall 牛舍
stamp 邮票 put a ～ on a letter 
start 开始，动手 I’ve got so many things to do,I don’t know where to ～
startle 惊吓，使吃惊 The horse ～s easily
starve 使挨饿，饿死 Many live in luxury while others are starving
station 车站 at Victoria Station
stationary 固定的，静止的，非流动的 ～ troops
statistics  统计，统计资料 The recent ～ on marriage are interesting
steer 掌舵，驾驶 ～ a car through the entrance
stern 严厉的，苛刻的 a ～ punishment
stick 棍，棒，手杖 Grandfather walks with a ～
stimulate 刺激，促使 ～ economic growth
sting刺，螫，叮  A bee stung him on the neck
stir 使微动，移动 A breeze ～red my hair
stitch 一针，针脚 Make your ～es closer together
stock  原料，备料，库存，现货 Rags are used as a ～ for making paper
stoop 俯身，弯腰She ～ed to pick up her fan 
storm 风暴，暴风雨，暴风雪 A ～ arose
straightforward 一直向前的，直接的 a ～ business transaction
strain 拉紧，绷紧 If you ～ the elastic any more, it will break
strap 带，皮带 silks ～s
stream 小河，溪流 on the banks of a ～
strength 力量，力气，活力，效力 the economic ～ of a nation
stress压力，紧张 Not all of us can cope with the ～es of modern life
stretch 伸直，伸长 He yawned and ～ed himself
stride阔步前进，大踏步走He strode to the platform
strike 打击，撞  A stone struck me on the head 
string 细绳，线，带 She took the parcel and started to undo the string
strip 剥去，除去 The wind stripped the tree of all its leaves
strive 努力，奋力，力求～ towards a goal
stroke 敲，打，鸣 drive in a nail with one ～ of the hammer
stubborn 顽固的，倔强的 The ～ boy refused to listen to his parents’advice
stuff 原料，材料，物品，东西 He has got all the ～ ready for building his new house
subject 题目，主题 the ～ for a debate
submerge 浸没，淹没，湮没 The stream overflowed and ～d the farmland
submit 屈服，服从，投降 ～ to foreign pressure
subordinate 下级的 In the army ,captains are ～ to majors
substance 物质，实质 the ～ of pre-school education
substitute 代替者，代替物 He is the doctor’s ～ during holidays times
subtle 微妙的，巧妙的 His whole attitude has undergone a ～ change
subtract 减，减去 Subtract 4 from 10 you get 6
succession 连续，一系列 a ～ of debates
suck 吸，A large mosquito was sucking blood from the back of her hand
sue 控告，起诉 ～ sb for slander
summary 总结，概要 This book has a ～ at the end of each chapter
superb 极好的，一流的，杰出的 ～ science and engineering 
superficial 表面的 a ～resemblance
superfluous过多的，剩余的，多余的a ～remark
supervise 监督，管理，指导 ～ sb’s every move
supplement增补，补充 a ～ to wages
suppress压制，镇压 ～human rights
supreme最高的，至上的 a ～ ruler
surpass超过，优于，强于，胜过 ～ advanced world
surplus过剩，剩余 a teacher ～
survey调查～ population growth in the southern provinces
survive 幸存，幸免于Only two people ～d the fire
suspect 怀疑 He ～ed a plot against his life
sustain支撑，承受The fountains were not strong enough to ～ the weight of the house
swallow 吞，咽 ～ one’s food
swarm 蜂群  
sway摇摆 a tree ～ing gently in the breeze
swear宣誓，发誓 ～ on  a Bible to observe secrecy 
swell 膨胀，鼓起 A tire ～s as it is filled with air
swing 摇摆，摇荡 ～ a baby in the cradle 
sympathy 同情心，慰问 a man of wide sympathies
synchronize使同步，使结合，使协调 Their steps ～d
T 
taboo 禁忌，忌讳Movies producers attempted to break down all the ～s
tackle 用具，装备 shaving ～
tailor 裁缝 go to the ～’s
talk 讲话，谈话 Is your baby talking yet? 
tame 驯化的，驯服的，温顺的 ～animails
tan棕黄色，黄褐色 buy some shoes in tan
tax 税（款）Half of his wages go in tax
tear 撕开，撕裂tear open an envelope
tease 戏弄，取笑 The boy is teasing the cat
tedious 单调乏味的，冗长的，罗嗦的a ～ debate
temper 心情，脾气 be in a good～
tempt 引诱，诱惑 Nothing could ～ me to do such a thing
tend 趋向，倾向 Interest rates are ～ing upwards
tender 嫩的 a ～ piece of meat
tentative 试验性的，试探性的，暂时的，推测的 a ～plan
term 学期 the spring ～
terminate 停止，结束，使终止 ～ a contract
terrify 使害怕，使惊吓 She was terrified out of her wits
testify 作证，证明 He agreed to ～ on behalf of the accused man
thermal 热的，由热造成的 ～burns 
thirst  渴，口渴 The heat creates a ～ in me like I’ve never had before
thread 线，线状物 cotton ～
thrill 使非常兴奋，使非常激动 It’s a sight that never fails to ～ me
thrive 兴旺发达，繁荣 His business is thriving 
thrust 推，刺，戳，插，挤He was ～ into power
tick （钟声等发出的）滴答声
tidy 整洁的，整齐的a ～ room
tilt 使倾斜，使倾倒 Tilt your head back so that I can look down your throat
time 时间，时刻，时候 ～ and space
tip 末端，尖端 the tips of the fingers
toast 烤面包，吐司 two slices of ～
token 表示，标志，象征He did that as a ～ of good faith
torture 拷打，拷问 ～ a confession from a prisoner 
toss 扔，抛，掷 The children tossed the ball to each other
tough 坚韧的，牢固的 Some plastic are as ～ as metal
tow 拖，拉，牵引 tow a damaged ship into port
tower 塔，塔楼，高楼 a television ～
trace 痕迹，踪迹 The wound healed, leaving almost no ～ of a scar
track足迹，踪迹～s in the snow
tragedy 悲剧 Hamlet is one of shakespeare’s best known tragedies
trail 痕迹，足迹 a ～ of destruction left by the violence
tramp 步行，跋涉 He loves ～ing over the hills
transfer 转移，调动 the company has transferred to an eastern location
transform 变形，改观 ～ a hotel into a hospital
transient 短暂的，转瞬即逝的 ～ happiness
transmit 播送，发射 ～ a match live
transparent 透明的 Glass is ～
transplant 移植，移种，移居 ～ a human heart into a patient
treasure 财宝，财富 dig for buried ～
trend 倾向，趋势an upward ～ of prices
trick 诡计，骗局 He got the money by a ～
trifle 琐事，小事 One should not get angry about such a ～
trim 整齐的，整洁的 ～ lawns
trip 旅行，旅游 a ～ round the world
triple 三倍的，三重的，三部分的，三方的Black unemployment rate runs ～ the figure for whites
triumph 胜利 a ～ over the enemy
trivial 琐碎的，不重要的，无价值的 ～ matters
tuck 夹入，藏入 He ～ed the letter in a book so he wouldn’t lose it
tug （用力）拖或拉He tugged the door but it wouldn’t open
tumble 跌到，滚下The baby is just learning to walk and he’s always tumbling over
tune 曲调，曲子 She wrote the words of the song and her brother wrote the ～
turbulent 骚乱的，动荡的，混乱的，狂暴的a ～ crowd
turn 转动，旋转Turn the hands of the clock until they point to 9 O’clock
tutor 家庭教师，指导教师 When the students are making their choices, their ～ may well guide them
twinkle 闪烁，闪耀，闪亮 The diamond on her finger ～d in the firelight
twist 捻，搓，绞，拧 ～ a rope out of threads
U
ultimate 最后的，最终的 The war ended for us in ～ victory
unanimous 全体一致的，一致同意的 They are ～ in asking for a rise in pay
uncover 揭开，揭露 ～ a dish of food
underestimate 低估 ～ the difficulties of the task
undergo 经历，遭受，忍受 ～ much suffering
underline 在……下划线，强调 Please translate the ～d sentences in the passage
underlie 位于……之下 Many facts ～ my decision
undermine 在……下挖 ～ a wall
undertake 着手做， 从事 ～ an attack
undesirable 不合意的，不受欢迎的 The drug has ～ side effects
uneasy 心神不宁的，不安宁的 be ～uneasy about the future
unfold 展开，打开  ～ a newspaper
uniform 不变的，相同的，均匀，统一的 a ～ temperature
unify 使成一体，统一 become a unified nation 
update 更新，使现代化 ～a textbook
upgrade 提高，使升级，改善 ～ products and services
uphold 举起，高举 He upheld his clenched hand
upright 挺直的，垂直的 an ～ seat
uproar 骚乱，骚动The public ～ over unclear-radiation hazards continues to mount
upset 弄翻，打翻 I’ve ～ a tin of paint on the carpet
up-to-date 时新的，新式的，现代化的They are ～ on recent developments in the world computer industry
urge 推进，鼓励 The president ,～d on by his staff, has decided to attend the talks
urgent 紧迫的，紧要的 He left the country on ～ business
utilize 利用 ～ solar energy
utter 发出（声音等），说，吐露 ～ the truth
V
vacant 未被占用的 a ～ seat in a bus
vague  含糊的，不明确的，模糊的 a ～ answer
vain 徒劳的，无效的 ～ efforts
valid 有根据的 a ～ excuse
value 价值 I was offered 50 pounds for my old car but its ～ is much higher
vanish 突然消失，逐渐消散 With a wave of his hand, the magician made the rabbit
veil 面纱，面罩 Jewish women wore ～s in token of reverence and submission
ventilate 使通风，使空气流通 ～ a room 
venture 冒险，冒险行动，投机行动take a ～ in oil
verge 边，边缘，边沿 the ～ of a stream
verify 证明，证实Subsequent events verified my suspicions 
versatile 多才多艺的 a ～ man 
versus 诉讼，竞赛等中以……为对手 The match tonight is China ～ Japan 
vertical 垂直的，立式的 a ～ engine
veto 否决，否决权，否决权的行使 The rest of the committee could not  accept the ～
vibrate 使震动，使摆动 His heavy footsteps upstairs made the old house ～
vicious 邪恶的，恶毒的，凶残的 lead a ～ life
vigor 体力，精力，活力 in the ～ of manhood
violate 违反，违背 ～ the traffic regulations
virtual 实际上的，事实上的 the ～ manager of the business
virtue 美德，德行 Among her many ～s are loyalty ,courage, and  truthfulness
visible 看得见的，可见的 a ship barely ～ on the horizon
vision 视力，视觉 ～ care
vital 有生命力的 The heart is a ～ organ
vivid 鲜艳的 the ～ green of leaves in spring 
void 空的 a ～ space
volunteer 志愿者，自愿参加者 Are there any ～s for a swim?
vote 投票，表决 bring sth to a vote 
W
wage 工资，报酬 What is your weekly ～?
wake 醒来，醒着，唤醒 He spends all his waking hours working
waken 醒来，睡醒He wakened when the alarm sounded
wander 漫步，徘徊 He ～ed home
ward 病房 a 4-bed ～
warrant 授权，批准，正当理由，根据 He had no ～ for his action
waterproof 不透水的，防水的 ～ material
way 方法，方式 Do it your own way
wear 穿，戴 ～ diamonds
weary 疲倦的，疲劳的 a ～ look
weave 织，编，编制 ～ cloth
wedge 楔子，三角木 Please put a ～ in the door so that it will stay open
weed 杂草，野草My garden is running to ～s
weep 哭泣，流泪 ～ for one’s failure
weigh 称……重量，称～ oneself on the scales
weld 焊接，煅接 It takes speed to ～ steel at this heat
whirl 旋转，急转 The couples ～ed round the dance floor
whisper 低语，耳语，轻声说 ～ to sb
whistle 吹口哨，鸣笛 The train ～d
whitewash 粉饰
wholesome 有益于健康的 ～ surroundings
wicked 坏的，邪恶的，淘气的，恶作剧的 ～ habits
wind 绕，缠The snake wound around a branch
wire 金属丝，金属线steel ～
withdraw  抽回，收回，提取 She withdrew her eyes from the terrible sight
withhold 使停止，阻挡 be obliged to ～ one’s pen
withstand 经受，承受 ～hardships
witness 目击者，见证人a ～ of the accident
wonder 奇迹 the Seven Wonders of the World in ancient times
worship 崇拜，崇敬 the ～ of the dollar
worth  值……钱a  house ～ 50,000 pounds
wrap 包，裹  ～ oneself in a blanket
wreck 失事，遇难 a train ～
wrench 扳手 He is a ～ .
wrinkle 皱，皱纹 He will wore the ～s of anxiety on his forehead.
write 写，写字，写信，写作 She ～s to me every other week.
Xerox 静电复印（法），静电复印件，静电复印机 Make me a ～ of this report.
Y
yield 生产，产生，带来 This orchard ～s apples and pears.
Z
zeal 热心，热忱，热情 a man of ～
zone 地带，分布带 a danger ～
